When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I want to work with other people also when I want to share my repo and include a link for other people to see the project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I might prefer to keep a clear idea of what my local repository looks like and what it does. after that I might check the github repo and also understand how it's different and if it includes any problems or bugs I don't want on my computer. then I decide to sync the two. that is especially true when there're several contributers to github repo and I'm not sure what they did yet so syncing their work might mess up my local repo.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    branches: that is when I want to take a copy of the files and do something with them that won't affect the prod environment, so all the work stays on my local machine or github depending on where're I'm working

    clones: it lets you copy a repo from github to your computer, you can edit it as you want, then you can push changes back to github if you have permission.

    forks: it lets you copy a repo from github into your own github account, you can then clone it into your computer and push and pull changes as you please.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    I didn't completely understand this part but I think to know what was last part that was in sync with the github repo

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    we could use email and chat, it'd be easier that having to learn new technology that could confuse some people, also it is easier to apply big changes at once without having to worry about commits with small logical changes and then havint to resolve conflicts that is ofcoourse if everyone has a strong grip over the entire project. it is easier to use git and github as it keeps track of all changes and guarantees - somewhat - clean code amongst all contributors.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    the idea is to keep master branch in sync with the online brnach and then you can apply your work by first merging local master to your branch and then work on that branch and push it to a branch connected to the github master.

    making changes on a seperate branch: your work doesn't break master if it's buggy. instead you apply your work and once other people view it and agree its a good idea it is merged to github master. also you get to test it locally as your local branch contains master updates, so it is tested locally then other people view it and merge it.

    making changes to master: this takes less work and makes sense if there're few people working on a project and they are so in harmony and good at what htey do that they trust each other.

this change is for PULLL REQUESTTTT-----



Commands:

git remote add origin URL--> to create a remote and assign a a github link
git remote --> to know what remotes are there
git push origin branch-name --> to push commits to github
git pull origin branch-name  --> to pull changes from github to local
fork (on github) makes a new copy of a github repo on my github account so I can edit it - also credit is given to original repo. it also makes it easy to suggest changes to origianl github repo
git clone HTTPS clone URL (from github) | this command clones the repo I forked into my github account into my local computer
git remote -v | shows URL to pull from and URL to push into
git fetch origin | pulls origin master branch and stores it as a different branch on local machine, we can later merge origin/master with local master


Notes:

# first you create a repo on git hub and then you create a remote and add its URL
